Umbraco Commerce 10.0.12 and 13.1.5 release notes (#6238)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-commerce/release-notes.md

This section contains the release notes for Umbraco Commerce 10 including all changes for this version.

#### [10.0.12](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.0.12) (July 3rd 2024)

> * Added pesimistic locking to payment provider callback endpoint to prevent concurrency issues if the endpoint is called too multiple times at once [#533](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/533).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added pessimistic locking to the payment provider callback endpoint to prevent concurrency issues if the endpoint is called too many times at once [#533](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/533).
```

* Fixed percentage discounts not taking the stores rounding method into account during calculation [#506](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/506).
* Fixed issue where order lines with a zero value would cause a concurrency exception due to the fact their prices aren't frozen but the order recalculation process was attempting to refreeze them.

> * Updated Order properties to trim whitespace around values to prevent unexpected behaviour  [#528](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/528).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Order properties to trim whitespace around values to prevent unexpected behavior [#528](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/528).
```
